docs: update Twilio and WorkOS docs (#7143)
supabase/supabase: web/docs/guides/auth/auth-twilio.mdx

## Overview

> In this guide we'll show you how to authenticate your users with SMS based One-Time Password(OTP) tokens.

Reviewer: I think you forgot a space here 👀 

```suggestion
In this guide we'll show you how to authenticate your users with SMS based One-Time Password (OTP) tokens.
```

Author: You're right. Thanks for the catch!

Go to Auth > Templates page in the Supabase dashboard (https://app.supabase.com/project/YOUR-PROJECT-REF/auth/templates).

Use the variable `.Code` in the template to display the OTP code. Here's an ![example in the SMS template](/img/guides/auth-twilio/9.png).

### Using OTP with password based logins

> In this scenario we'll be using the user's mobile phone number and a corresponding password as an alternative to signing up with an email address. Note: Please deeply consider the potential security implications when signing up with a combination ofphone and passsword. It is not uncommon for mobile phone numbers to be recycled by phone networks when users cancel their phone contracts or move countries, therefore granting access to the user's account to the subsequent owner of the phone number. In the near future Supabase will support multifactor auth, which will mitigate this risk, but for now you may want to consider allowing your users to recover their account by some other means in an emergency.

Author: ```suggestion
In this scenario we'll be using the user's mobile phone number and a corresponding password as an alternative to signing up with an email address. Note: please thoroughly consider potential security implications when signing up with a combination of phone number and password. Phone numbers are sometimes recycled by phone networks when users cancel their phone contracts or move countries, thereby granting access to the user's account to the subsequent owner of the phone number. In the near future Supabase will support multifactor authentication, which will mitigate this risk, but for now you may want to consider allowing your users to recover their account by some other means in an emergency.
```

> In this scenario we'll be using the user's mobile phone number and a corrsesponding password as an alternative to signing up with an email address. Note: Please deeply consider the potential security implications when signing up with a combination ofphone and passsword. It is not uncommon for mobile phone numbers to be recycled by phone networks when users cancel their phone contracts or move countries, therefore granting access to the user's account to the subsequent owner of the phone number. In the near future Supabase will support multifactor auth, which will mitigate this risk, but for now you may want to consider allowing your users to recover their account by some other means in an emergency.

Author: ```suggestion
In this scenario we'll be using the user's mobile phone number and a corresponding password as an alternative to signing up with an email address. Note: Please deeply consider the potential security implications when signing up with a combination ofphone and passsword. It is not uncommon for mobile phone numbers to be recycled by phone networks when users cancel their phone contracts or move countries, therefore granting access to the user's account to the subsequent owner of the phone number. In the near future Supabase will support multifactor auth, which will mitigate this risk, but for now you may want to consider allowing your users to recover their account by some other means in an emergency.
```

> In this scenario we'll be using the user's mobile phone number and a corrsesponding password as an alternative to signing up with an email address. Note: Please deeply consider the potential security implications when signing up with a combination ofphone and passsword. It is not uncommon for mobile phone numbers to be recycled by phone networks when users cancel their phone contracts or move countries, therefore granting access to the user's account to the subsequent owner of the phone number. In the near future Supabase will support multifactor auth, which will mitigate this risk, but for now you may want to consider allowing your users to recover their account by some other means in an emergency.

Author: ```suggestion
In this scenario we'll be using the user's mobile phone number and a corrsesponding password as an alternative to signing up with an email address. Note: Please deeply consider the potential security implications when signing up with a combination ofphone and passsword. It is not uncommon for mobile phone numbers to be recycled by phone networks when users cancel their phone contracts or move countries, therefore granting access to the user's account to the subsequent owner of the phone number. In the near future Supabase will support multifactor authentication, which will mitigate this risk, but for now you may want to consider allowing your users to recover their account by some other means in an emergency.
```
